[Music]
how many times have you been heading out
the door only to notice that your phone
battery is kaput you're gonna blow your
top aren't you then you make your mad
dash to find your charger and your phone
is literally dying but what if you don't
have the time to wait for it to charge
all the way here are twelve mistakes
that may prevent you from doing this as
fast as possible now remember to hit the
subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to join us right here
on the bright side of life now counting
down from mistake number twelve not
charging your smart phone from a wall
socket charging a smartphone from a
laptop by using USB is undoubtedly super
convenient after all you can keep
surfing the internet while
simultaneously feeding your phone's
battery but that's a wrong thing to do
if you need to charge your cell phone
fast it will take as much as one hour
longer than when you use a wall socket
one more advantage of charging your
phone from a wall socket is that you can
opt for a portable USB battery backup
that has a built in wall charger the
great advantage of this device is that
it charges your phone first
and only after that juices up the
portable battery cool huh number 11 not
charging your portable charger if you
don't have a portable power bank
consider buying one since that's a great
investment this device will be extremely
helpful if you need to leave home in a
hurry but suddenly discover that your
cell phone's battery is critically low
not to mention these things charge a
whole lot faster than smart phones do
charge your portable power bag for 10 to
15 minutes before you have to run off
throw it in your bag and connect your
smartphone to it for a quick battery
boost
[Music]
number ten using an improper USB adapter
you need to get an adapter that puts out
exactly as much power as your phone can
deal with some smart phones have their
own wall adapters but you can also use
other models that have similar features
on the other hand if you have chosen a
wrong adapter and it's too low power
your smart phone may refuse to charge or
will do this extremely slowly besides if
your phone has an option of quick
charging you should check if the adapter
you're using supports this function if
you figure out that your adapter is
unsuitable find the necessary wipe
you'll spend some money but this will
save you a lot of time mistake number
nine constantly checking your battery
charge level lighting up your smartphone
screen is a sure way to kill its battery
nearly as fast is by using the Internet
as you may have already guessed this is
also the wrong thing to do when your
phone is charging by nervously checking
your battery charge level you don't make
this process faster but if you really
need to be in the picture turn down the
brightness of the screen to a bare
minimum number eight not switching off
features you don't need at the moment
now if you're in a hurry it may slip
your mind to check if you have some
unnecessary applications open and
running on your smart phone Wi-Fi GPS
Bluetooth just uses your phone's battery
power and slows down the charging
process that's why you should turn off
all features you don't need at the
moment and make sure your smart phone is
and updating apps or doing backups
number seven not turning on airplane
mode when your smart phone is switched
on it needs a lot of energy to function
even though you might think that when
you turn the display off your cell phone
doesn't
spend energy anymore hmm that's not true
your gadget is constantly trying to
perform different tasks from searching
for the nearest Wi-Fi signal to running
updates and getting chat messages and
the more your smartphone is doing at the
moment the more slowly it's charging if
you know that you won't be getting
urgent calls for some more time turn on
airplane mode on your phone as a result
it won't waste battery and will get
fully charged pretty fast number six
not using battery saving mode this mode
comes in handy when you need to make
your phone last for as long as possible
but few people know that switching this
mode on can also make the process of
charging their gadgets much faster to
turn on this mode open settings battery
and then battery saver on androids or
low-power mode on iOS
[Music]
number-5 knott removing the case
removing the cover from your smartphone
before you plug it in to charge
surprisingly many phones start to charge
faster and more effectively if you take
off the case when you keep certain types
of cases on when you charge your phone
this may lead to excess heating of your
device that's why if you feel that your
smartphone is getting too hot when
you're charging it try removing its case
[Music]
number four letting your phone get hot
oh the previous point is closely
connected with this one you shouldn't
let your device become too hot when
you're charging it try to charge it in a
cool place don't leave your phone
charging in a hot car or in direct
sunlight when you use a portable power
bank avoid charging your smartphone in
your pocket or bag if you don't let the
battery become too hot the process will
be faster and remember that if you
insist on charging your gadget when the
environment is too hot you can cause
permanent damage to the battery mistake
number three using wireless charging
wireless charging is certainly very
convenient after all you don't need to
worry about all these cables at the same
time wireless chargers still can't fill
the battery of your phone as rapidly as
conventional wired chargers if you
weren't pressed for time you can
appreciate all the advantages of
wireless charging but if you're in a
hurry the best thing you can do is use a
good old wall charger number two not
maintaining your battery if you do
proper battery maintenance regularly
you'll prolong the lifespan of your
phone's battery on top of that you won't
have any problems with the speed at
which it charges the main thing you
should remember is to let your smart
phones
battery died a minimum of once a month
the reason is the electrons of a lithium
based battery these tiny guys need to
get active from time to time that's why
you should charge the battery of your
phone to 100% and then run it completely
down every 30 days and number one
believing popular hacks that promise to
charge your phone in 10 seconds aha the
Internet is swarming with articles and
videos that promote a method that can
apparently help you to charge your phone
from 2 to 100% in just 10 seconds you're
told that everything you need is your
gadget a wall charger and a piece of
aluminum foil you're supposed to wrap
your phone in the foil so that only the
charging point is visible after that you
simply connect your smartphone with a
wall charger plug it in and count to 10
they say that your phone's battery will
get full to the brim in this miniscule
period of time unfortunately
technological development hasn't
progressed so far yet and this widely
advertised method of charging your phone
in 10 seconds is nothing but a myth but
probably you've tried it and did it work
if so write about your experience in the
comments below
now do you know any other means to
charge your smartphone fast and
effectively don't hesitate to leave your
recommendations in the comments hit the
like button share this video with your
friends and subscribe to this channel to
join us on the bright side of life